README.md, before:

# Cardano Corner
**Where Cardano Projects can find events and venues to send merch to.**

## What's this?
Motivated by hosting Lisbon's Cardano Constitutional Workshop, 45B is setting up a supply meets demand space between:
- IRL **Cardano events** happening soon anywhere in the world
- **Cardano projects** that may want to send merch/flyers to be available there.

We named this _Cardano corner_ as it may also help establish some _Cardano corner_ pins on Google maps for coworks/venues/cafés that may want to promote having (at least) a box full of stickers and merch that visitors can pick and take from.

## Events
Events willing to receive and exhibit/share merch from Cardano projects
| Event                                                              | Date                | Organizing entity                           | Contact      | Misc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Cardano Constitutional Workshop - Lisbon](https://lu.ma/7gg45qzi) | Sat, Sep 21st, 2024 | [45B - Cardano Enablement](https://45b.io/) | hello@45b.io | - We'll have a nice space in our full day event just for this and promote several moments to network and explore.<br>- We would love to have some of your merch (contacts below) and possibly forward it to nearby events.<br>Get in touch!! |

## Projects
Projects available to send merch/posters/etc to events and _Cardano Corners_.
| Project                                   | Contact      | Misc                                                 |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| [Acme Example project](https://acme.not/) | joe@acme.not | Reach out to us if you have events in central Europe |

Please submit PRs adding your details above or simply email us at hello@45b.io  
[This](https://tabletomarkdown.com/convert-spreadsheet-to-markdown/) may help you prepare contents for your PR. 🤓

Commit message:

make changes CTA more obvious

README.md, after:

# Cardano Corner
**Where Cardano Projects can find events and venues to send merch to.**

## What's this?
Motivated by hosting Lisbon's Cardano Constitutional Workshop, 45B is setting up a supply meets demand space between:
- IRL **Cardano events** happening soon anywhere in the world
- **Cardano projects** that may want to send merch/flyers to be available there.

We named this _Cardano corner_ as it may also help establish some _Cardano corner_ pins on Google maps for coworks/venues/cafés that may want to promote having (at least) a box full of stickers and merch that visitors can pick and take from.

## Events
Events willing to receive and exhibit/share merch from Cardano projects.  
_Mail us at hello@45b.io to get listed here , or submit a PR._
| Event                                                              | Date                | Organizing entity                           | Contact      | Misc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Cardano Constitutional Workshop - Lisbon](https://lu.ma/7gg45qzi) | Sat, Sep 21st, 2024 | [45B - Cardano Enablement](https://45b.io/) | hello@45b.io | - We'll have a nice space in our full day event just for this and promote several moments to network and explore.<br>- We would love to have some of your merch (contacts below) and possibly forward it to nearby events.<br>Get in touch!! |

## Projects
Projects available to send merch/posters/etc to events and _Cardano Corners_.  
_Mail us at hello@45b.io to get listed here , or submit a PR._
| Project                                   | Contact      | Misc                                                 |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| [Acme Example project](https://acme.not/) | joe@acme.not | Reach out to us if you have events in central Europe |

## Aditional info
[This](https://tabletomarkdown.com/convert-spreadsheet-to-markdown/) may help you prepare contents for your PR. 🤓

Find out more about 45B at [45B.io](https://45b.io)
